system changes as a whole could be anywhere:you should be able to delete a building a felanmälan and apartment a project a besiktningwhen an admin deletes a contact and that contact is an entrepenör you delete that entrepenör on every dropdown.1a. Invite an AdminDo: Inställningar → Bjud in användare, role = Admin, real email:it works and the new felanmälans that i create live with the programLands: new auth.users row; trigger creates profiles row with role='admin', correct email, full_name, password_set=false.: i believe so sinc ethe logging gives me the sam access as a admin acciountThen: email arrives (Resend); appears in Användare table; count increments:yes it comes in email i click a link i create a password and then i come inVerify SQL: SELECT email, role, password_set FROM profiles WHERE email='...'; :i think i fucked up i ran that exact querei and i got "Success. No rows returned" how do i return to the old.**1b. Invite Styrelse WITH buildingsDo: role = Styrelse, tick 1–2 buildings, invite.**yes when ticking for example two out of three for that user account the user resceives informational access to everything related to that building.and not i woul dlike changed. they styrelse should be able to see or access anything besides the fastighet page the the lägenhet page if its to the selected building for that userthe felanmälan page if the styrelse profile to the selected building for that userthe project page if its to the selected building for that userthe besiktningar page if its to the selected building for that userand the logbook along with the comments that are attached to each event if there is any from the admin or the entrepenör.and inställningar sithout the bjud in feature you can add the demo link feature.Lands: profiles row role='styrelse'; one styrelse_properties row per ticked building:yes this works too the role with the row is aligningThen: buildings show under the key-icon panel afterward:yes the assigned building appear for that styrelse userVerify SQL: SELECT pr.email, p.name FROM styrelse_properties sp JOIN profiles pr ON pr.id=sp.profile_id JOIN properties p ON p.id=sp.property_id WHERE pr.email='...';.I DONT WANT TO RISK MESSING THIS PART UPP1d. Accept invite → set password:WORKS THE WHOLE THINGInvite an Entreprenör:entrepenör role access:when admin assigns a felanmälan besiktningar or project get created and a entrepenör gets picked from the kontakt / entrepenör dropdown they dont see the felanmäälan project or besiktning (i tested only felanmälan but they are all build similairly so want you check th eother oence aswell)and you should only be showing them the things that they are allowed to access. so there is a bunch of shot that isn't neccecary in this page all they need is their loggs to edit if anything bad happens their settings the dagsraport overview and a calendar showing every deadlined job that the have coming upp or they have finished and a basket where all the felanmölan besiktningar and project go when they are avslutad and fastighet if that fastighet has a felanmälan project or besiktning that is connected to the user through the entrepenör dropdown bar picked by the admin to that accountAccept invite → set password:all workDelete a user:works finedude there is alkot of issues can you fix the fixes i have found while i go through the rest of the functionsPUBLIC FELANMÄLAN SURVEYim in the felanmälan page two of the buildings are showing upp but one isn't and that is the one that has been there for a long time.when making an apartment to one of the buildings i go tthis error right after it worked and me going back in to change the Lägenhetsnummer (btw the Lägenhetsnummer has to only be able to type in numbers in)  Could not find the 'trappa' column of 'apartments' in the schema cache is also the error i got from these so we can make sure to correctly connect the apartment the building it is connected to and then the survey so they can lighn upp.and when thed elete building feature comes in it does  the same to the dropdown options that used to exist and you know how if the nmr dont exist they will create a apartment for that projectwhen sending the felanmälan survey all details i got the error "Något gick fel. Försök igen eller kontakta oss direkt."